adición multiplicación
adn arn
agricultura alimentación
agricultura ganadería
agricultura industria
agricultura minería
agricultura pesca
aire agua
ajedrez go
alcalde concejo
alemán francés
alemán neerlandés
alimentación agricultura
alta baja
altitud orientación
alto bajo
amarillo azul
amor sexo
antes después
antigüedad edad
antiguo nuevo
armada fuerza
armas letras
arqueología lingüística
arquitectura escultura
arriba abajo
arroz maíz
artes ciencias
artes letras
azul rojo
bella bestia
bello sublime
benceno cloroformo
bienes servicios
bien mal
biología medicina
blanco azul
blanco negro
bronce hierro
bronce latón
budismo hinduismo
budismo jainismo
budismo judaísmo
budismo taoísmo
bueno malo
caballería infantería
caballos asnos
cabeza cola
california california
calles plazas
calor frío
calor trabajo
cante baile
cantidad calidad
capital ciudad
carbón acero
carbón hierro
carbono nitrógeno
carbón petróleo
carga pasajeros
caribe pacífico
carlos ambrosio
cartografía geografía
castellano catalán
castellano euskera
castellano francés
castilla aragón
castilla león
catalán castellano
catalán occitano
cauca magdalena
caza pesca
caza recolección
celtas ataques
celulosa lignina
central oriental
centro este
centro norte
centro oeste
centro sur
cerebro sistema
chile argentina
cielo infierno
ciencia cultura
ciencia filosofía
ciencia ingeniería
ciencia investigación
ciencia religión
ciencias artes
ciencia técnica
ciencia tecnología
cine teatro
cinética potencial
ciudad provincia
clasicismo romanticismo
clavecín violín
cliente servidor
clima suelo
cobre estaño
combustión respiración
comedias entremeses
comienzo final
consonante vocal
constitución ley
constructivismo suprematismo
copa liga
córdoba santa
cosme damián
cpu memoria
crecimiento desarrollo
cristianismo islam
cristianismo islamismo
cuatro cinco
cuerpo alma
cultura ciencia
cultura educación
cultura historia
cultura lengua
cultura religión
cultura sociedad
cura barbero
deforestación degradación
delante atrás
demanda oferta
demarcación planta
densidad temperatura
derecha izquierda
desarrollo crecimiento
deuterio tritio
día año
diagnosticar tratar
diagnóstico tratamiento
días noches
dioses hombres
director guion
directorio congreso
disolución absorción
divinidad humanidad
divino humano
dolor sufrimiento
economía cultura
economía política
economía reducción
economía sociedad
educación cultura
educación investigación
educación salud
ejecutivo judicial
ejecutivo legislativo
electrones huecos
electrón protón
elfos hombres
emisor receptor
enamoran casan
encima debajo
energía materia
enfermedad muerte
entrada salida
escudo himno
escultura pintura
espacio tiempo
españa europa
españa toda
español francés
español inglés
español portugués
esposa hija
estado gobierno
estado país
estado partido
estado sistema
este norte
este oeste
este sur
estructura función
europa américa
europa estados
existencialismo marxismo
exportaciones importaciones
expresión prensa
fartet samarugo
fascismo comunismo
fascismo nazismo
fauna flora
fecha hora
femenino masculino
feo malo
fe razón
fermentación putrefacción
filosofía ciencia
filosofía literatura
física química
flora fauna
fmi banco
fovismo cubismo
francés alemán
francés criollo
francés español
francés inglés
francés italiano
francés portugués
fuerza belleza
fusión ebullición
fútbol baloncesto
fútbol ciclismo
gallego leonés
gallego portugués
ganadería agricultura
gas polvo
gato ratón
generación corrupción
general particular
genética biología
glucosa fructosa
gobierno ejército
gobierno parlamento
gobierno presidente
grafito diamante
grande poblada
grecia roma
griego latín
griegos romanos
guano salitre
hebreo arameo
helicoide conoide
hermana madre
hidrógeno helio
hierro acero
hígado bazo
hijo padre
hinduismo budismo
historia cultura
historia leyenda
historia política
historia tradición
hojas raíces
hombre ciudadano
hombre mundo
hombres elfos
homofobia discriminación
igualdad libertad
importación exportación
industria agricultura
industria construcción
infancia adolescencia
infancia juventud
inferior superior
información comunicación
inglés alemán
inglés español
inglés francés
inicio final
institucional colombia
intensidad frecuencia
interés dinero
interior exterior
invierno verano
ironía parodia
islam hinduismo
italia españa
izquierda derecha
jobs wozniak
juan jesús
juan luis
juan pedro
judaísmo cristianismo
judo daito
jurásico cretácico
kriptón xenón
lados vértices
largo ancho
latín griego
latitud longitud
lectura escritura
leer escribir
legislativo judicial
lengua cultura
león castilla
leonés castellano
letra música
letras ciencias
libertad democracia
libertad justicia
líquidos sólidos
literatura cultura
literatura pintura
literatura poesía
llanura montaña
locura muerte
loglan lojban
luis juan
luna tierra
luz oscuridad
luz sombra
luz teléfonos
madre esposa
madre hermana
madre hermano
magenta amarillo
magia religión
manga anime
martín pedro
marxismo leninismo
masculino femenino
más menos
matemática lógica
matemáticas ciencias
materia energía
mayor menor
mediterráneo atlántico
mediterráneo oceánico
minería agricultura
minería industria
montesco capuleto
muerte doncella
muerte resurrección
mujer amante
mujer hija
mujer hijo
multiplicación división
municipio estado
música cultura
música danza
música poesía
naturaleza cultura
nazismo fascismo
necesidad justicia
negro blanco
neutrones protones
neutrón protón
nítrico clorhídrico
nitrógeno oxígeno
noble leal
nobleza iglesia
norte este
norte noreste
norte noroeste
norte océano
norte oeste
norte sur
numerador denominador
número tamaño
observación experiencia
observación experimentación
occidental oriental
oeste este
oeste norte
oeste sur
oferta demanda
ópera zarzuela
opinión expresión
órgano clavecín
oriental occidental
oriente occidente
origen significado
orinoco amazonas
otoño invierno
oxígeno dióxido
oxígeno hidrógeno
oxígeno nitrógeno
oxitocina vasopresina
pacífico atlántico
pacífico índico
padre abuelo
padre hermana
padre hermano
padre hijo
padre madre
país estado
país extranjero
país mundo
paleolítico neolítico
pampa patagonia
pan vino
papa emperador
parlamento consejo
parlamento gobierno
pasado evolución
pasado futuro
pasado presente
pasajeros carga
paz justicia
paz prosperidad
paz seguridad
pedro pablo
película director
permitividad permeabilidad
pesca caza
pescado marisco
pesca minería
pesca recolección
pesca silvicultura
petróleo gas
pintura escultura
planeta sol
plantas animales
pobreza desigualdad
poesía novela
política administración
política sociedad
popular socialista
pozo péndulo
presente futuro
presidente congreso
presidente primer
presidente vicepresidente
presión temperatura
primaria secundaria
primavera otoño
primera segunda
primera última
primero segundo
primero último
príncipe mendigo
principio final
pri pan
productor consumidor
prosa verso
protón electrón
protones neutrones
protón neutrón
público crítica
público privado
punto zapateo
quarks gluones
química física
quimioterapia radioterapia
racionalismo empirismo
radiación quimioterapia
radio televisión
ranas salamandras
razón experiencia
reales complejos
realidad ficción
relatividad teoría
religión cultura
religión política
renacimiento barroco
reposo movimiento
revolución guerra
rey gobierno
rin danubio
rioja provincia
roble haya
rojo azul
rojo verde
rojo violeta
romanticismo realismo
rural urbano
sábado domingo
sagrado profano
salud enfermedad
salvador vicente
santidad justicia
segunda tercera
segundo cuarto
segundo tercer
seguridad cooperación
seno coseno
septentrional meridional
sierra selva
significado sentido
silicio germanio
silicio oxígeno
singular plural
sintaxis semántica
sintoísmo budismo
socialismo comunismo
sociedad cultura
soledad incomunicación
suelo agua
sulco cíngulo
sulcus cíngulo
suma multiplicación
suníes chiíes
superior inferior
sur centro
sur este
sur norte
sur oeste
sur sureste
sur suroeste
tajo guadiana
tamaño peso
tanto cuanto
teatro cine
teclado monitor
teclado ratón
televisión radio
temperatura presión
temporal riego
teoría práctica
tercera cuarta
tiempo dinero
tiempo espacio
tierra luna
tono matiz
tradición cultura
tragedia comedia
transcripción replicación
transmisor receptor
tuberculosis malaria
turismo comercio
unidad paz
unos otros
valenciano castellano
valle delta
varones mujeres
vejez muerte
venecia milán
verano invierno
verano otoño
verdad justicia
verdad reconciliación
verde azul
vida existencia
vida muerte
vida naturaleza
vida obra
vida organización
vida salud
viejo mar
viejo nuevo
viento agua
violonchelo contrabajo
virtud sabiduría
viticultura producción
vivos muertos
yalta potsdam
zelanda caledonia
zelanda guinea
